Princess Robot Bubblegum!
What are you doing master?
I'm reading the comments on your recent videos.
These people are a little, uh, uh, a little...
They're a bunch of horny,
lonely,
perverts.
Those are your fans!
Be respectful.
Do not bite the hand that feeds.
Okay.
So what are they saying about me?
Oh, let me see here.
This one said that your boyfriend is to feminine,
like he plays both sides of the sushi bar,
but he don't like fish,
or surf clam,
he only like octopus.
But this is a terrible analogy.
Where's that useless,
cutsey sidekick of yours?
That walks on the tips of his toes.
What the hell?
Saki make distil go boom!
Saki, you little alcoholic shit bag.
Are you okay?
Oh, he's fine.
It's just a concussion of massive internal
bleeding, or something.
Poke him.
That wasn't Saki's elicit booze bath.
Something is going on outside.
Argh!!!
Ah, so definitely now this guy really dead.
He's like a floaty pancake.
Now, we could license that.
Yes, that's what we'll do.
License part of a balanced breakfast.
Princess-Robot-Bubblegum-Crispy-Snachy-Pops,
and special floaty pancakes.
Oh no!
Oh, the ancient ones warned this day would
come.
What ancient ones, master?
Those geriatric tight-asses at the bank.
They say they gonna foreclose on me.
Knock down the sacred temple and
build a twenty-four hour drive through massage
parlor
with, you know, like, human traffic Australian
chicks, love it.
You don't even have to leave your car
she just reach through the window.
Wanky, wanky, wanky!
"Hi Bloke, you wanna a cock or two?"
Okay, girl.
Hey girl, there is a big wrecking ball outside,
and it's gonna smash your house down.
We know!
Calm down bitch,
you gonna ruin my hair.
Master, you taught me discipline,
why haven't you paid the bills?
I was, uh...
very distracted.
I have a three-hundred year mortgage to pay
and my pension got cut.
It's hard time for everybody.
Pension?
I thought you was an ancient ninja master,
is what you told me.
I am!
Many years ago,
I was an ancient ninja,
post master.
For... about five years.
And then I retire on a two-hundred-and-seventy-five
year pension.
I can throw a postcard across the room
and give you a terrible paper cut.
The post office was horrible,
Licking, stamping, licking, licking,
Goddamn it!
It's like dealing with my second wife.
Your face goes numb,
you take a coffee break,
you turn your back to a soul crushing job
that leaves you feeling terrible afterwards.
Hello...
master...
How are we going to save our house?
Fucked if I know.
Wait! Merchandising!
But master, since the last DVD got edited
by censors in the west,
we don't sell so many.
So, no more merchandising.
No more Princess Robot Bubblegum dolls,
or pencil cases,
or rulers,
or blow up companions,
or love balls,
or erotic massage oils,
or all the other creepy shit you've sunk all
our money into.
Sometimes the path is not straight,
but is still true.
Oh, I like that line, I like that.
maybe I sell it on a bumper sticker.
Anyway, the path of truth,
is still the path of merchandising.
Personal merchandising.
Merch, merch, merch!
I never knew you worked in marketing.
Oh, it's easy.
Any one fool with half an MBA can do it.
Listen, you will save our house in the time
honored way.
You will please horny men,
one after the other,
they will be standing in line
for a chance at you.
And we can charge them twenty dollars a pop.
Master, I won't be a massage girl.
No stupid bitch!
We go to comic convention.
You sign autograph and we sell some more action
figures.
We rebrand erotic oil as uh...
as uh...
Personal usage erotic oil for the lonely lover.
And branded socks to clean yourself up afterwards.
You know, it's prostitution of a different
kind...
But legal!
Personal merchandising.
It makes my loins ache.
Oh, this is so exciting.
Never in my years of being a blind,
androgynous child,
with a huge sword,
could I have imagined such wonders.
Yes!
Truly the script writers have reached new
heights.
Time for an incongruous clip of an arousing
girl fight.
You see...
You like that.
You do, don't you?
My poor little Saki.
He was always drunk and slept in my underwear
drawer,
but I loved him like a brother.
Please.
That's like the last 5 guys you've gone out
with.
Master, what are you doing?
There!
Fuck that little blue raccoon.
We'll get you a new one.
Master!
Oh, please, oh, please.
Turn off the water works.
Shut up!
Cry me a river, you're a big girl.
This is exciting rebranding opportunity.
Nothing sell like a cute animal sidekick.
We have auditions,
we'll change them every season.
Flavor of the month...
Fuck it!
Humpy!
Muffy!
Grindy!
Smoker!
Poopie!
What the fuck?
Where are we, Germany?
Okay, you'll do.
Humpy, humpy!
Audition over!
Blind boy, kill the rest.
Come on!
We've got to get to the convention center,
and save this ancient temple.
Did somebody shit on the floor?
Princess Robot Bubblegum is brought to you
by...
Nogo Vodka
The new premium vodka
that comes from a place where everyone's depressed,
most people are unemployed
and a few rich people have stolen all the
money.
Not Russia!
The Midwest.
Nogo, premium vodka from the heartland.
Not the motherland.
Oh, this place smells something terrible.
It's like a fat person's armpit.
Kutty, for real.
And nobody's buying nothing.
That is my special vapor machine.
It attracts nerds with the smell of
unwashed loneliness.
It is very powerful.
That's why I bring this.
When the battle rages hardest,
every warrior know you have to fend for yourselves.
Put that shit on a sticker!
I thought your last film was really lacking.
Anime has moved beyond your hackneyed stereotypes.
Clothes made from belts,
an emo character,
tentacle rape.
It's just such a cliché.
It's not like in Rapefest Quark Zoom,
where they subvert the clichés
by embracing them.
And then undermining them by making them all
true.
But then that's written by a genius.
Whereas your show is such a hack job.
Seriously, where do they find these people?
Are you going to fucking buy something?
Oh, have you met Humpy?
He's the hot new sidekick.
Humpy, plumb punch.
You're old news,
The future of anime is
Shiny Wasabi Kitty.
She's awesome.
Wait!
Who's that?
That is Shiny Wasabi Kitty.
Hello nerd.
I train her many years ago.
She was my pupil,
but she turned evil.
Girl, I'm blind and knew that bitch was evil.
I could smell it.
She had sulfur spewing down south.
And she is overtly sexy,
but also tough and good at fighting,
just like every nerd really wants.
But how is she evil?
She won a large cut of residuals.
I tell her, she just like my last boy band...
"In Ass"
I like boy bands.
She seems to be doing just fine without you.
Alright girl, this is what we need to do...
We need to sabotage that bitch.
We won't give her the competition, okay?
Come on, Humpy, you with me, girl?
Humpy, sabotage!
Listen up, listen, listen, listen, you listening
okay?
Let's do something really impressive,
that we haven't figured out yet
and get people liking our show again.
So what we gonna do?
By the way, how'd I look?
Humpy, humpy.
Oh, Wasabi Kitty is humping!
It's so postmodern!
I wanna buy a T-shirt!
What a cute, horny sidekick.
How about you come on my show?
I'll give you five percent.
Humpy like percentages.
Winky, winky time!
Urgh...
Stop that.
That's demeaning to women.
No it's not!
This is great!
It's art!
Who are you to determine what's demeaning
to women?
It's not demeaning,
you subvert the clichés.
I am the clichés.
Look at me.
Bitch fight!
Yes!
Reverse cowgirl, spaghetti bomb, sparkle!
Smiley, cheesecake, potty tongue, shocker.
This is really, really,
subverting those clichés.
Too horny to fight clichés.
Stop!
Why?
You've stolen my fans,
and my sidekick.
And I'm going to lose my house.
Yeah!
You defected from me,
you fucking whore bag.
Stop crying, and start fighting!
Take your clothes off!
Stop indulging them.
Watch this, it's just as much fun.
Wait! Woo!
You try.
Wow!
That felt...
Liberating, right?
What's happening?
I love you, Princess Robot Bubblegum.
Wow, that was awesome!
but we'll still lose the house,
and now I have no fans left.
I'm sorry master.
Are you kidding me?
I got the whole thing on my smartphone.
Put behind pay wall,
make episodic.
Oh merchandising, merchandising.
Merchandising!
And subverting all the clichés.
And now...
if I could get you two,
to maybe, you know...
kiss,
or delicately fondle each other,
or even not so delicate.
Humpy, humpy, freezeframe time!
Oh no!
Why are you on the ceiling?
Is it the anti-gravity gun again?
Shit nozzles.
No, we've been shot with the anti-narrative
gun.
This episode makes no sense.
Oh yeah!
We ran out of ideas how to end this episode.
So I'm just gonna sing a song to you.
How come you...
mmm...
You smell so Asian,
but you look so Caucasian?
I can't get next to your love girl.
I'm gonna break you in half,
little Japanese woman.
I like them big eyes,
like sausage in a small mouth,
like a mouse's ear.
Get rid of that sissy man you with...
Oh yeah.
Shut up fucking singing, plant-ass bitch.
How I look?